hello everyone this is phu today i got
in the mail a package from starry ideas
dotnet and they made custom a be clothes
and here's a pair of Blue's Clues
overalls I had commissioned they do so
excellent quality work and I'm just
going to go around this and show some of
the details so at the top here did my
name and this is all glow in the dark
here and then here's a big blue's clues
on the front and get that in focus this
front pocket has been built by them and
they've really sold in this really soft
butter on the inside very good quality
nice trim there and then it says here
baby boo gosh I was put on by them
that's here's a pacifier leash alright
so that that snaps on like that and pull
that off these are really strong snaps
by the way and it says paper to Blue's
Clues all custom-made now oh and then
there there's their company right there
starry ideas and let's take a look at
the legs here these are just wonderful
so here's the one of the bottoms here
I'll let's look at the pictures they put
on first there's a blues clues and this
is glow in the dark in here I'll show
that in a at the end of the video show
the Golan dark with a black blazer
earned and blue violet laser and then
this is my favorite of all the pictures
on here this one is my favorite that is
just so cute
and so yeah here's the other other leg
cuff and this has snaps all the way
around and see and these are I think
they call them leather tooling snaps so
they're very strong and so these here a
nice nap and i think ciale i don't know
if that showed how strongly where but
they're pretty strong all right here's
the back of it we got baby the gosh and
large print at the top Blue's Clues
another really cute embroidery they did
there and that's all glow in the dark at
the top Blue's Clues part and then these
pockets here it says pamper too and
again high quality embroidery on there
and a line all the pockets with that
material they're all usable I can put my
hand in past the embroidery so it didn't
have to embroider through the whole
thing like some other companies I've
seen then there's just another one
there's tickety tock and blues clues
right there with the other side of the
the leg cuffs they go all the way around
so this is just an excellent high
quality pair of overalls and here here's
on the inside of the back part it says
baby b'gosh size 60 easy diapering
because of the snaps and then on the
front side so sorry ideas 2016 custom
clothing so this company start idea is
they gave this to me with it this is
extremely rare pacifier clip now just
look at this quality it's
the best out there could fit your hands
in the pockets and it looks just like
the real thing so this part here I just
wanted to say was a custom image that I
sent them I don't know if you remember
my old overalls I'll sugar print here in
just a second and right now you can see
this was the original overall I had back
in two thousand seven to 2015 and on
these overalls I did this myself with
one of the the loves freebies that came
with a box of love so it was like a
little Blue's Clues embroidery thing
well anyway I wanted that made today on
my new one here and they did a great job
copying it over to a modern overalls I
just thought that was amazing so that's
one of those special teases you can send
them a picture and have it copied over
what if you want so here's how they look
i-i'm they were wonderful they fit great
and if i wanted to i could have had a
maid oven shortalls but i prefer the
normal size because i live up here in
portland oregon it doesn't get that hot
very often except for today it's kind of
hot but yeah extra food pockets my
pockets are larger because I requested
larger pockets because I have lots of
stuff to put in them like my phone and
my wall and all that stuff so and here
is their business card if anyone wanted
to contact them and have something made
I have a discount code with me for ten
percent off a discount code letters SI b
SI that's for ten percent off SI b SI so
go ahead and go to this place here and
order something today